HandyVisas logo
Visas
Travel Certificates
Requirements & Policies
Embassies
News
Covid
OVManager
Handyvisas.com > Ghana eVisa Online
Ghana eVisa Online
Icon Embassy
Contact your nearest embassy or consulate of Ghana for more information.
Get Embassy Info
Check eligibility

Select your country of passport to see if you are eligible to apply online.
Select your country
▾

The Ghanian government has announced that the Ghana eVisa will be launched in mid-2021. Once available, the online visa will permit eligible tourists entry to the country at Kotoka International Airport.

Ghana eVisa Information
The Ghana eVisa is an upcoming online visa announced by the Ghanaian government and expected to be introduced in the near future.

Once available, the eVisa for Ghana will permit eligible citizens to travel to Ghana for short stays and eliminate the need to apply for an embassy visa or queue for a Ghana visa on arrival.

The government of Ghana is primarily implementing the Ghana visa online to expedite the visa application process in order to boost the tourism sector in the country.

It is expected that the online Ghana visa will allow eligible citizens to travel to Ghana for purposes of tourism, transit, or business and to gain entry to the country at Kotoka International Airport.

Eligible citizens will be able to apply through the simple Ghana online visa application, which will only take a few minutes to complete with personal and passport details.

It is expected that applicants will also be required to answer a few questions related to security matters in order to submit the application and receive an approved eVisa.

The duration of stay permitted with the Ghana tourist eVisa and the number of entries have not yet been announced by the government of Ghana and will be published on this site once available.

Those who wish to visit Ghana for purposes not expected to be valid with the eVisa, such as to work or study in the country, will be required to apply for a Ghana embassy visa from the nearest diplomatic office of Ghana.

See Covid update for Ghana
Alert icon
Highlights Icon
Highlights
Upcoming electronic visa
For tourism, business, or transit purposes
Valid for entry at Kotoka International Airport
What is Necessary ?
Add passport info
Valid passport

Credit/Debit Card
Debit/credit card

email address
Current email address

Ghana eVisa Requirements
In order to submit a Ghana visa application online, it will be necessary for applicants to meet the requirements for a Ghana eVisa.

The Ghana online visa requirements are expected to involve the applicant having:

A valid passport from a Ghana eVisa-eligible country
Valid credit or debit card details to pay the Ghana visa fee
A current email address to which a copy of the approved eVisa for Ghana will be sent.
It is also expected that there will be separate additional Ghana tourist visa requirements and Ghana business visa requirements depending on the type of eVisa the applicant requires. These will be published on this site once made available.

Ghana visa requirements also state that those arriving at the Ghanaian border with an approved eVisa will have to convince an immigration officer of the following in order to gain access to the country:

The traveler is genuinely only intending to spend a short period of time in Ghana
They will leave the country before the expiry of the approved visa for Ghana
They do not intend to undertake employment in Ghana while in the country with an eVisa
They do not intend to study in a Ghanaian educational institution
They will be able to financially support themselves while in Ghana.
Covid Update for Ghana
Last update: 11/05/2023

A Port Health Declaration Form must be completed before departure for each traveler. This can be found online. Unvaccinated travelers over 18 years of age must take a PCR test within 48 hours before traveling. There may be medical screening on arrival.

Country policy
Ghana Visa Policy
Check out the visa policy of Ghana and find out the travel requirements you need to meet for your nationality.

Visa requirements checker
What is your passport nationality?
Select nationality
▾
Which country are you traveling to?
Ghana
▾
Get Visa Info
icon
Citizens of Canada need to apply for a Visa for Ghana. We recommend contacting the nearest embassy or consulate of Ghana for more information.

Get Embassy Info
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Ghana Visa FAQ
eVisa Information

eVisa Application

eVisa Questions

What is the Ghana eVisa?
How long is my Ghanaian eVisa valid for? When does it expire?
Which countries need a visa for Ghana?
How do I apply for an electronic visa to Ghana?
How much does the eVisa for Ghana cost?
Related News
Tips for Keeping Your Travel Documents Safe

keeping travel documents safe
In today’s world, traveling has become an integral part of our lives. Be it for leisure or work, many of us find ourselves regularly on the move across borders. However, one integral aspect that you may overlook is the safety of your travel documents. Losing these critical papers can turn a dream holiday into a

Read full article
Strangest Visa Questions from Around The World


Venturing abroad is an exciting experience, filled with new cultures to explore, foods to taste, and vistas to see. However, before immersing oneself in these novel experiences, one must navigate the labyrinthine process of obtaining a visa. While the general rule of thumb dictates that visa requirements ask you for a sober, straightforward exchange of

Read full article
Hardest Visas to Get

Hardest Visas to Get
Traveling the world can be an enriching experience, opening doors to new cultures, customs, and unforgettable memories. However, not all countries are as welcoming to tourists, and obtaining a visa can be a daunting task. In this article, we’ll explore the hardest countries to get a visa for, and the reasons behind their strict visa

Read full article
The World’s Most Powerful Passports in 2023

world's most powerful passports
A passport is the key to traveling abroad. However, some passports are considered to be “stronger” than others. The world’s most powerful passports are those that offer the greatest travel freedom. The strongest passports are those that allow the holder to enter the most countries easily, without extra entry requirements, such as visas. There are

Read full article
HandyVisas logo
SSL secure
Your personal information is securely encrypted by Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software.
© 2023 Handyvisas.com. All Rights Reserved.

Language
English
Help
FAQ
Glossary
About Us
How it works?
Why choose us?
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
YouTube
Contact us
Send Message
Partners
Join Affiliation
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy of Service
Terms and Conditions of Service
